# googlespagerank  #google  #logical  #math  #model
2 algorithms that describes the Google's Page Rank. They define the importance of a page on web and then classificate a list of webpages. The calculus uses linear algebra concepts and formulas to get the results. One use the Gauss method to find the X solution. In other hand, the Power Vector method uses a approximation to get the final result.

It's important to know that it's just a logical exercise. It doesn't intend to be the real code used by Google or anything like this. It was developed by my group for the Mathematical Modeling cours at University of Sao Paulo.

The fisrt 2 codes intend to calculate and then print the page rank of any Web. The others 2 codes start from a fixed architecture calls "TRIBAL". In other words, the tribal architecture works like: one page calls 'master' and the others, 'slaves'. The 'slaves' connects just to one master ever. And every master is connected to all the other masters, besides they connect their own slaves. In deed, it makes a really symmetrical web.

The calculus works in two ways:
        - The Gauss method: solve the linear equation, generated by the web array.
        - The Power Vector method: it brings a approximation of the solution

Every method has his advantages and disadvantage:
        Gauss: Advantage: it calculates really well and get a exact solution to the pages weight.
               Disadvantage: it isn't efficient. If you have a large group of pages, the code will not work so good and you lose so much time running it
        
        Power Vector:
                    Advantage: it works so fast. If you have been working on a large web, the problem of ranking will be solved fast.
                    Disadvantage: not so precise. The method's accuracy isn't so good in small web. It works better if you have a large number of pages on your group. 
              
